README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kaelzhang/python-neuronjs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kaelzhang/python-neuronjs)

# python-neuronjs

Python utilities and middleware for neuron.js

neuronjs analyzes the dependencies from user defined facades according to the dependency tree, and outputs `<script>` tags and configurations for [neuron.js](https://github.com/kaelzhang/neuron)

The dependency tree can be generated by [neuron-package-dependency](https://github.com/kaelzhang/neuron-package-dependency)

## Install

```sh
$ pip install neuronjs
```

## Usage

```py
from neuronjs import Neuron

n = Neuron(
  dependency_tree=dependency_tree,  # must defined
  resolve=resolve,
  version=version,
  cache=cache,
  debug=False)
```

`neuronjs` could be used either in template file or your python controller.

[Here](./sample/sample-jinja.html) is a sample Jinja2 template file.

- **dependency_tree** `dict` the `json.loads()`ed dependency tree
- **resolve** `function(id)=` (optional) implements your own custom resolver. `resolve` accepts one parameter `id` which can be either a `str` of module id or a `list` of module ids. If a `str` is passed in, the method should returns the resolved absolute url of the module id. If `id` is a `list`, an url of comboed script files should be returned.
- **debug** `function|bool=False` tells neuronjs whether should switch on debug mode. When on debug mode, no javascript files of dependencies will be preloaded, and the output will not be compressed.
  - if `debug` is callable, neuronjs will use the return value of method `debug`
  - if `debug` is a boolean value, and `debug` is true, the debug mode will be on.
- **cache** `dict=None` if `cache` is defined, it should contains 3 methods:
  - `cache.has(key)` returns `bool`
  - `cache.get(key)` looks up and returns the cached value by key
  - `cache.set(key, value)` sets the value by key
- **version** `str` only works if `cache` is defined. neuronjs will uses `version`
to generate the key to cache the output result

#### module id

```js
<name>@<version><path>  # for example: 'jquery@2.0.0/jquery.js'
```

#### n.facade(entry, data=None, defer=False)

- **entry** `str` id of the entry module
- **data** `dict=None` the data of the facade, which will be passed to the entry module.
- **defer** `bool=False` whether should defer the loading process of the facade. If `True`, the script of the facade and its dependencies will not be loaded at the beginning of the page as much as possible.

Registers a facade entry with `data`. neuronjs will 

Returns `''`(empty string), so you can use this method in python template 

#### n.combo(id...)

Makes packages of ids to combine into a single file.

- id `str` the module id of commonjs module or css module. 

```js
n.combo('jquery', 'underscore')
n.combo('app-home/style.css', 'app-user/user.css')
```

Returns `''`

#### n.css(id)

Registers an css module, and tell neuronjs to output it on the page.

Returns `''`

#### n.output()

Outputs neuron.js, neuron initial configurations and the html of script tags.

For most cases, this method should be used in the base template file, see [example](./sample/sample-jinja.html).

Returns `str`

#### n.output_css()

Outputs the html of link elements of csses.

For most cases, this method should be used in the base template file, see [example](./sample/sample-jinja.html).

Returns `str`

## License

MIT

Commit message:

2.0.0: breaking change: removes n.output(), and splits it into n.output_scripts() and n.output_facades().

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kaelzhang/python-neuronjs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kaelzhang/python-neuronjs)

# python-neuronjs

Python utilities and middleware for neuron.js

neuronjs analyzes the dependencies from user defined facades according to the dependency tree, and outputs `<script>` tags and configurations for [neuron.js](https://github.com/kaelzhang/neuron)

The dependency tree can be generated by [neuron-package-dependency](https://github.com/kaelzhang/neuron-package-dependency)

## Install

```sh
$ pip install neuronjs
```

## Usage

```py
from neuronjs import Neuron

n = Neuron(
  dependency_tree=dependency_tree,  # must defined
  resolve=resolve,
  version=version,
  cache=cache,
  debug=False)
```

`neuronjs` could be used either in template file or your python controller.

[Here](./sample/sample-jinja.html) is a sample Jinja2 template file.

- **dependency_tree** `dict` the `json.loads()`ed dependency tree
- **resolve** `function(id)=` (optional) implements your own custom resolver. `resolve` accepts one parameter `id` which can be either a `str` of module id or a `list` of module ids. If a `str` is passed in, the method should returns the resolved absolute url of the module id. If `id` is a `list`, an url of comboed script files should be returned.
- **debug** `function|bool=False` tells neuronjs whether should switch on debug mode. When on debug mode, no javascript files of dependencies will be preloaded, and the output will not be compressed.
  - if `debug` is callable, neuronjs will use the return value of method `debug`
  - if `debug` is a boolean value, and `debug` is true, the debug mode will be on.
- **cache** `dict=None` if `cache` is defined, it should contains 3 methods:
  - `cache.has(key)` returns `bool`
  - `cache.get(key)` looks up and returns the cached value by key
  - `cache.set(key, value)` sets the value by key
- **version** `str` only works if `cache` is defined. neuronjs will uses `version`
to generate the key to cache the output result

#### module id

```js
<name>@<version><path>  # for example: 'jquery@2.0.0/jquery.js'
```

#### n.facade(entry, data=None, defer=False)

- **entry** `str` id of the entry module
- **data** `dict=None` the data of the facade, which will be passed to the entry module.
- **defer** `bool=False` whether should defer the loading process of the facade. If `True`, the script of the facade and its dependencies will not be loaded at the beginning of the page as much as possible.

Registers a facade entry with `data`. neuronjs will 

Returns `''`(empty string), so you can use this method in python template 

#### n.combo(id...)

Makes packages of ids to combine into a single file.

- id `str` the module id of commonjs module or css module. 

```js
n.combo('jquery', 'underscore')
n.combo('app-home/style.css', 'app-user/user.css')
```

Returns `''`

#### n.css(id)

Registers an css module, and tell neuronjs to output it on the page.

Returns `''`

#### n.output_scripts()

Outputs neuron.js, neuron initial configurations and the html of script tags.

For most cases, this method should be used in the base template file, see [example](./sample/sample-jinja.html).

Returns `str`

#### n.output_facades()

Outputs the initialization of facades.

Returns `str`

#### n.output_css()

Outputs the html of link elements of csses.

For most cases, this method should be used in the base template file, see [example](./sample/sample-jinja.html).

Returns `str`

## License

MIT
